Question 1: How are Flask and Django different? What does Django provide for you that Flask does not?
https://www.educba.com/django-vs-flask/
All in all, both Django vs flask are open source Python web frameworks. 
Django is a full stack framework, whereas Flask is a micro and a lightweight framework.
The parameter to be discussed is in relation with a transfer of request object. 
Each view is set as an individual parameter in Django whereas the request based object
is imported from flask module and looks like a global variable in the case of Flask.
Django relies on its ORM or uses its SQLAlchemy whereas Flask makes use of peewee and
SQLAlchemy. Due to the void of any present ORM, authors create independent solutions
from a particular ORM. Flask minimalism, therefore, gives a positive effect on the environment.
Flask applications are mostly SPAs (Single Page Applications) whereas with Django your 
project application is divided into smaller chunks, thereby giving the developers an easy 
to code single applications and merge them to form the application as a whole.

Question 2: What does REST stand for? When I say something is RESTful, what does that mean?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer
Representational State Transfer
https://www.codecademy.com/articles/what-is-rest
Systems that follow the REST paradigm are stateless, 
meaning that the server does not need to know anything 
about what state the client is in and vice versa. 
In this way, both the server and the client can understand any 
message received, even without seeing previous messages.
This constraint of statelessness is enforced through the use of resources, 
rather than commands. Resources are the nouns of the Web - they describe any object, 
document, or thing that you may need to store or send to other services.


Question 3: What does CRUD stand for? For each letter in CRUD, give the associated HTTP method.
create, read, update, and delete
POST,PUT; GET; POST;DELETE

Question 4: What do HTTP 1XX Status Codes mean? HTTP 2xx? HTTP 3xx? HTTP 4xx? HTTP 5xx?
Inform­ational Codes
HTTP Successful Codes
HTTP Redire­ction Codes
HTTP Client Error Code
HTTP Server Error Codes

Question 5: What is an XSS attack? Provide one way a site can be vulneratble to an XSS attack.
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Cross-site_Scripting_(XSS)
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks are a type of injection, in which malicious scripts are injected into otherwise benign and trusted websites.

request validation 

Question 6: What does CORS stand for? What situation in web application development will you need to implement CORS?
Cross-origin resource sharing
https://medium.com/@jeanpan/what-is-cors-cross-origin-resource-sharing-9f0c463621c6
A web document makes a cross-origin access when it requests a resource from a different domain, protocol, or port. 
